8/7/2024 Meeting Notes

-Ibrahim: Pushed front-end progress.
-Jae: Pushed API progress.

-Authentication: Needs to be added.
-Josh: Will work on unit tests for all completed controllers thus far.
-Jae: Will fix API issues.
-Ibrahim and Daniel: Will continue working on the front-end and now also focus on connecting it to the back-end.